3.27.0 docs - deploy with release 9/16 (#1500)
Appboy/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/ios/initial_sdk_setup/other_sdk_customizations.md

- You are attributing an action within the application to a previously served advertisement

## iOS 14 AppTrackingTransparency

> Apple has temporarily reverted the proposed per-app IDFA access change in iOS 14. For now prompting for permission with `AppTrackingTransparency` is not required, but you should be prepared for a future release from Apple that will require it to be implemented. When the `AppTrackingTransparency` prompt is required, in addition to implementing Braze's `ABKIDFADelegate` protocol, your application will need to request authorization using Apple's `ATTrackingManager` in the App Tracking Transparency framework. For more information, please reference this [Braze iOS 14 guide](https://www.braze.com/docs/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/ios/ios_14/#idfa-and-app-tracking-transparency), [Apple's Overview](https://developer.apple.com/app-store/user-privacy-and-data-use/), and [Apple's Developer Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/apptrackingtransparency). In iOS 14, collecting IDFA will require building with Xcode 12, collecting IDFA will Xcode 11 is not possible in iOS 14.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apple has temporarily reverted the proposed per-app IDFA access change in iOS 14. For now, prompting for permission with `AppTrackingTransparency` is not required, but you should be prepared for a future release from Apple that will require it to be implemented. When the `AppTrackingTransparency` prompt is required, in addition to implementing Braze's `ABKIDFADelegate` protocol, your application will need to request authorization using Apple's `ATTrackingManager` in the App Tracking Transparency framework. For more information, please reference this [Braze iOS 14 guide](https://www.braze.com/docs/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/ios/ios_14/#idfa-and-app-tracking-transparency), [Apple's Overview](https://developer.apple.com/app-store/user-privacy-and-data-use/), and [Apple's Developer Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/apptrackingtransparency). In iOS 14, collecting IDFA will require building with Xcode 12, collecting IDFA will Xcode 11 is not possible in iOS 14.
```

> Apple has temporarily reverted the proposed per-app IDFA access change in iOS 14. For now, prompting for permission with `AppTrackingTransparency` is not required, but you should be prepared for a future release from Apple that will require it to be implemented. When the `AppTrackingTransparency` prompt is required, in addition to implementing Braze's `ABKIDFADelegate` protocol, your application will need to request authorization using Apple's `ATTrackingManager` in the App Tracking Transparency framework. For more information, please reference this [Braze iOS 14 guide](https://www.braze.com/docs/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/ios/ios_14/#idfa-and-app-tracking-transparency), [Apple's Overview](https://developer.apple.com/app-store/user-privacy-and-data-use/), and [Apple's Developer Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/apptrackingtransparency). In iOS 14, collecting IDFA will require building with Xcode 12, collecting IDFA will Xcode 11 is not possible in iOS 14.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apple has temporarily reverted the proposed per-app IDFA access change in iOS 14 until 2021. For now, prompting for permission with `AppTrackingTransparency` is not required, but you should be prepared for a future release from Apple which will require it to be implemented. 

When the `AppTrackingTransparency` prompt is required, in addition to implementing Braze's `ABKIDFADelegate` protocol, your application will need to request authorization using Apple's `ATTrackingManager` in the App Tracking Transparency framework. For more information, please reference this [Braze iOS 14 guide](https://www.braze.com/docs/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/ios/ios_14/#idfa-and-app-tracking-transparency), [Apple's Overview](https://developer.apple.com/app-store/user-privacy-and-data-use/), and [Apple's Developer Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/apptrackingtransparency). In iOS 14, collecting IDFA will require building with Xcode 12, collecting IDFA will Xcode 11 is not possible in iOS 14.
```
